Terraform init hooks tutorial (#1376)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/init-hooks.md

All except `boot.d` will be run in the same Python interpreter as LocalStack, which gives additional ways of configuring/extending LocalStack.
You can also use subdirectories to organize your init scripts.

> Currently, known script extensions are `.sh`, `.py`, and `.tf`.

Reviewer: I would not suggest to mention `.tf` here since it requires installation of an Extension and does not work out of box. You can mention that `.tf` works with the help of an Extension which needs to be installed separately.

Another use for init hooks can be seen when [adding custom TLS certificates to LocalStack]({{< ref "custom-tls-certificates#custom-tls-certificates-with-init-hooks" >}}).

### Terraform configuration files as init hooks

> Running Terraform configuration files as init hooks is in itself its own category, because it requires the installation of a special extension.
> For more information on how to manage [LocalStack extensions](({{< ref "user-guide/extensions/" >}})), please refer to the dedicated documentation page,
> and for more details on running init hooks in development mode, you can check out the [extension repository description](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-extensions/tree/main/terraform-init).

Reviewer: I would go with something as simple as stating:

```suggestion
Terraform configurations can be initialized and applied using the LocalStack [Terraform Init](https://github.com/localstack/localstack-extensions/tree/main/terraform-init) extension. You can refer to our docs on [managing LocalStack Extensions](({{< ref "user-guide/extensions/" >}})) to learn how you can get started with them. 
```

##### Usage

Start LocalStack with **`EXTENSION_AUTO_INSTALL="localstack-extension-terraform-init"`**.
Mount a **`main.tf`** file into **`/etc/localstack/init/ready.d`**
When LocalStack starts up, it will install the extension, which in turn installs Terraform and [`tflocal`](https://github.com/localstack/terraform-local) into the container.

> If one of the init stage directories contain a `main.tf` file, the extension will run `tflocal init` and `tflocal apply` on that directory.

Reviewer: The usage example should demonstrate two scenarios — using Docker Compose and `localstack` CLI right in this part. I would say that with `localstack` CLI, it should be good to demonstrate the `localstack extensions install....`

##### Example

main.tf:

```terraform
resource "aws_s3_bucket" "example" {
bucket = "my-tf-test-bucket"

tags = {
Name        = "My bucket"
Environment = "Dev"
  }
}
```

Start LocalStack Pro with mounted main.tf:

```bash
localstack start \
-e EXTENSION_AUTO_INSTALL="localstack-extension-terraform-init" \
-v ./main.tf:/etc/localstack/init/ready.d/main.tf
```

Or, if you use a `docker-compose` file:

```yaml
services:
localstack:
container_name: "localstack-main"
image: localstack/localstack-pro  # required for Pro
ports:
- "127.0.0.1:4566:4566"            # LocalStack Gateway
environment:
# Activate LocalStack Pro: https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/auth-token/
- LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN=${LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN:?}
- EXTENSION_AUTO_LOAD=localstack-extension-terraform-init
volumes:
# you could also place your main.tf in `./ready.d` and set "./ready.d:/etc/localstack/init/ready.d"
- "./main.tf:/etc/localstack/init/ready.d/main.tf"
- "./volume:/var/lib/localstack"
- "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock"

> ```

Reviewer: Try to use tabpanes here, similar to the above usage example

You can wait for LocalStack to complete the startup process, and then print the created S3 bucket:
```bash
localstack wait && awslocal s3 ls

> ```

Reviewer: Use command shortcode
